is it upside right is it sideways or is
it upside down all together yes sir
folks this is MC Escher in Minecraft if
you're not familiar with his work MC
Escher took staircases and similar such
objects and use them to apparently defy
the laws of physics for example this
seems like the correct way here but if
you come right around here to the corner
this also looks like it could be the
correct mmm orientation for looking at
it and you even have sideways forest or
you can even come over here and look at
it from a completely different angle
come up these steps and you have a
sideways little entryway with the gravel
nice gravel road I did this for fun and
just want to show you the texture pack
it came up with it just on-the-fly to
make it
I have invisible torches in order to
give each of these blocks that correct
lighting effect when it's dark out and
on top of that right here as you can see
I have four different they're actually
wool blocks as you can see here that are
each different torch direction and then
I add on the torch to give it the proper
lighting effect and then I also have my
four-sided grass block which is also
just wolf and I use this to make the
grass at sideways angles or if I wanted
to I could even make grass upside down
and then I also have my log of blocks
which enable need to make logs sideways
and make little trees and whatnot
sideways without the bottom and top of
the logs showing through so just I'd
show you this link in the description if
you want to download a sweets desktop
background I made out of this little set
and just I'd show you it because it was
kind of fun to make maybe you can make
your own who knows
be sure to post a video response if you
do make one because I'd love to see it
but that's pretty much it MCS your folks
and just a little funny thing to point
out MC minecraft coincidence
I don't think so well this is agent J
while signing off and hope you enjoyed
it see ya